Add WeGo-Robotics to Active Companies (#8)
vmayoral/ros-robotics-companies: README.md

| [Unlimited Robotics](http://www.unlimited-robotics.com) | Company trying to simplify robotic programming for developers using Gary, a pseudo-humanoid multi-functional robot. Their open source code[^204] hints they leverage ROS under the hood. | 2021 |
| [UVify](https://www.uvify.com/) | Is a developer and manufacturer of high-performance drones, autonomous technologies, and related hardware and software. ROS drivers for UVify (see [`uvify`](https://github.com/uvify)). | 2014 |
| [Waymo](https://www.waymo.com) | Is an autonomous driving technology company. Improves transportation by building software and sensor technology. ROS package to connect Waymo open dataset to ROS (see [`waymo_ros`](https://github.com/YonoHub/waymo_ros)). | 2009 |

> | [WeGo-Robotics]([https://](https://wego-robotics.com)) | Solution Company using ROS, SI for Laboratory or Proof of Concepts. (see [`WeGo-Robotics`](https://github.com/WeGo-Robotics)) | 2016 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [WeGo-Robotics]([https://](https://wego-robotics.com)) | Company building solutions using ROS and doing system integration with it for labs, as well as Proof of Concepts (see [`WeGo-Robotics`](https://github.com/WeGo-Robotics)). | 2016 |
```
